The Game Room client wanted us to design the Draw it or Lose it game., Draw It or Lose It is based off the 1980s television game show Win, Lose or Draw. In this game, teams would compete to guess which image is being drawn. In the software version of this game images will be rendered and teams will compete on a time limit to guess which image is being shown. We will develop this web-based game to be compatible with multiple platforms allowing users on many different devices to enjoy it.
I think I did reall ywell in the Recommendations. I really took my time to think about the best solutions possible for the client given the requirements.
I think the UML diagram is the most helpful aspect. Even though the whole document is important, the UML diagram helps me to literally visualize each and every aspect of the code and the intended function. With the diagram I can see the overall functionality of the client and how to design each class, function, and how they all relate to eachother.
I would work on the Development Requirement more. I spent a good amount of time on those, but I think they could have been more well thought out. I was limited based on my experience, and honestly I need some more knowledge and experience of Mac OS and Linux to be able to offer better insight to future clients. I hope to pick up more knowledge in the future to provide better details.
I kept in mind the user's needs for the entire document. Most importantly I made sure to keep the desire for scalability as well as users on different platforms in mind when choosing my recommendations. I made sure to only make suggestions based on those needs.
Honestly, filling out this design template was extremely helpful in the process of understanding how to design my software. Even before code is implemented we should have a plan in place as well as a diagram to understand what it is we are trying to achieve.
